Don't mention that
street. I have a listing
that's kept me
from a perfect sales record.
Oh, it's my own fault. The
place had been on the market for years.
But I thought if I could sell a
murder house, it would be a feather in my cap.
A murder house? Which house?
125.
That's where I dropped Astrid
off. She was seeing a boy named Jeremy.
Jeremy Fraser. I
didn't get his last name.
Oh, no, it can't be him.
But Jeremy Fraser was bad news.
Twenty-three years ago, he murdered his
parents. The cops found
him hiding in his tree house.
When they tried to get him out,
he fell, broke his neck, died instantly.
That's all you have to
do to get into the afterlife?
Draw a door with some
chalk. Oh, a knock three times?
I'm just doing what it says in there.
So lame.